hey what's up everybody welcome back
Callan here from droid life so what
we're going to do is walk through
quickly Madden 2011 on Android for the
droid x okay so it's only right now for
the droid x it came with the new to
dot-to-dot one update which you can get
a droid x if you don't have it already
and it came via pre-installed with your
Madden came pre-installed with that
update and it's just a demo version so
you know you can play about a half
football it's got limited options you
can't play a full season or anything
crazy like that so if you want to
upgrade to the full version cost you ten
bucks 999 and that gives you unlimited
access to everything but we wanted to
show you guys quickly what you can
expect if you pay you know 999 which is
full price which we did and you guys can
decide from there if it's something
you're interested in so NE moze jump
right into it and Madame 2011 on Android
it's going to crank up the media so
there you go gotta love the soundtrack
you crank it up pretty loud actually
anyway let's turn down leave it in the
background those we have some soundtrack
music while we're doing this so anyway
here it is Madame 2011 Adrian Peterson
graces the cover actually i don't thing
is on the cover this year but anyway
this changes you'll see drew brees on
there all kinds of different guys on
there so anyway here we go you gotta
play now button which is actually just
play right now pick two teams decide
what you want to do what uniforms you
want all that stuff you play you can go
ahead and go into loop someone enter
rosters let's go back you can go into
season mode so you can actually set up a
whole season no you can choose your team
not that actually like the dolphins but
let's just select them for now you say
plea we check out your roster you know
you can do trades it's totally fully
featured madden game you know they
didn't skimp on anything check your
schedule out see what you're playing
well we call that good stuff it really
is really is a fully featured madden
game see trade you can sign guys release
guys your depth chart all that stuff
just give you an idea what the the trade
screen looks like okay so pretty sweet
pretty standard stuff that you'd expect
from madden let's go back
get out of a season mode live drew brees
for him all right so you can also check
out rosters so you know you can just
tweak roster straight from the game you
don't actually have to go in two seasons
you know you can sign guys trade guys
well they've daunte culpepper who is now
the star of the ufl great choice that
was buddy anyway go back and yeah so you
can see you can reset them back to you
know their standard rosters if you've
made too many tweaks to give your your
Colt the made them the greatest team on
the history of the earth or something
like that so anyway you do have some
other options in here you can change the
quarter limits difficulty d-pad location
in case you're ready or lefty set up
your favorite team sound all that stuff
let's go back one more time then of
course there's help and then there's a
link directly to the NFL mobile app
which is also you know sort of a verizon
thing so anyway yeah that's kind of a
walkthrough let's go ahead and skip all
that though and get into some gameplay
ok so we have play now gives you you
know to your teams and you can select
your uniform if you want ok let's go
with the blues for the Colts except go
ahead and hit continue and it will load
up the game so leave me a little bit of
sound here so you can see just like any
madden game it gives you the preview of
the stadium you're playing in shows you
the matchup and then we go straight to
the coin toss of course after it loads
up the whole environment all that stuff
is your first viewable player you can
see if fat lineman all that stuff ok
anyway so let's go oh they pigtails
they're the way two tails wins they are
going to receive Patriots are scared of
the colts will defend this side so you
can see you pick all these options just
like you would and how are we going to
defend that they're probably going on
the left so so let's go ahead and kick
off and to kick all you do is sweep this
down and back up little boot it and then
you can see you just control your guy
with a d-pad over here and switch guys
and i whiffed on the tackle with maybe I
just let the cpu do it all right so yeah
60 yard run back on me or something like
that by Randy Moss who has not been
traded obviously it looks like or
released from the Patriots so anyway
then you get to go ahead and pick the
defense like you said it's just a
standard madden game you know it's
basically what you expect with your
d-pad down here you can change place
call audibles you can switch your guy by
using this button and you can switch the
d-pad over to either side whatever you
want to do you have a tackle on a burst
button and yeah you can see the gameplay
doesn't look too bad you know the
players aren't too too weird and
computer-animated I mean you know it's
obviously doesn't have the power the
playstation or something like that has
but you know it's not bad well Bob
Sanders in the house bob sanders i think
is played about three snaps in the last
18 years of his life not about anyway so
yeah this is madden i'm show you the
offense but i would have to make a
defensive stop and i'm not sure the
colts can actually do that let's bring
them blitz on third down here so you can
get a ball back show you guys off and
it's a little bit I'm just going to let
it roll because I obviously suck and
can't do this while I'm talking so we'll
just see if Colts do you can step I'm
going to stop a little Brady
and that's gonna be close and they got a
first down so anyway not gonna be able
to show you the offense unless we uh
it'll let me switch teams where we can
quit start a new one play now create me
skip all that
so we win a coin toss we did is receive
alright so I'll show you guys a couple
plays on offense real quick so let's
just go up the middle and of course you
don't normally play your fingers like
this either you use your thumbs
hey Reggie Wayne return cakes so there's
a spin button there's a boost button all
kinds of stuff pretty weak there alright
so then we get to pick our first play
let's just throw a bomb down to Reggie
Wayne see if we can't complete one
alright so you see you got your audible
options you can check your camera angle
all that stuff and the snap you
basically just touch the button and then
you got to find a receiver pick that off
oh look at that touchdown Reggie Wayne
first play the game plump Patriots what
up so you can see that what I did was
tap on the receiver so basically you
pull back check your receivers it'll
show you if they're open and then you
tap on that receiver tosses right to
them so yeah that's how you dominated
Madden and your first offensive play
ever and kick your extra point just like
we did when we kicked off there you have
it so Madden 2011 on Android only
available for the droid x although I've
heard there might be an EPK flown around
out there for others to test it out on
and yeah that's it so checks out the
blog we're droid life and we're out
peace